She set us up from every angle
And you're still defending her?
I think you’re the crazy one
That’s a massive blame shift
Ms. Su says I framed her
Does she have any proof?
You want evidence, right?
Fine
Stop looking. It was Shen Yu
What?
It was Shen Yu
She admitted it herself
She planned it all
She recorded the video too
She’s already been fired by the higher-ups
How could it be her?
I went to the hotel myself
to verify it
The security footage caught her on tape
What more do you want?
Qi Luo,
what about Ye Qi?
Let me take you home
Don’t touch me
If you and Su Man
have that kind of relationship
then let’s not get involved again
It really hurts, doesn’t it?
What are you doing?
Someone might see
The wound hurts
I’ll take you to the hospital
Don’t move
You’ll be fine in a bit
Man Man
What do you mean?
Why did you let me leave the show?